issue with `add_block_freeList()`
what I was trying to do here was this: if there's no list, then this block become the head and the tail of the list. if there is a list, then add this block to the tail. 
from there, check if the tag before it in the heap indicates a free block. call the block before A and this block B. if A is free (we are looking at A's end tag), then we update the tags for both blocks to have the size equal to the sum of their sizes. from there, point the B's front tag to A's front tag and point A's end tag to B's end tag. we do not have to update next/prev pointers here because we are merging B into A.
then check if the block adjacent after B is free (call it C). update the sizes of both. since we are merging C into B here, we need to update the actual node to be at the front of B's free space. so we point it there and also update C's prev/next to point there. we also point this moved node's prev/next at those blocks. finallly we point block C to block B and rearrange the tags like we did for A and B. I think I was doing too much pointing around here and got confused with using the structs instead of pure pointers. 

I would explain more here for the rest of my code but I spent a lot of time commenting things, and it might be easier to see the code alongside the comments anyway.


rest of readme:
I'm sitting here at 11:30pm, a half hour before the assignment is due. This thing absolutely wiped me out, but I learned quite a lot about memory management. I was able to draw out and really think about how I wanted to implement this API. I had to completely restructure my project two or three times but it was worth it, even though it doesn't do what I want it to do.  Now that I'm about to turn this in, I feel I have a better understanding of pointer manipulation and wish I didn't use struct for my tags and free nodes. It was a lot to keep track of.  I ended up having to comment out my `add_block_freeList()` method because it segfaulted on the first test (some blocks had size of 0 and I couldn't get them to merge fully). I wrote some comments on how it works with the code I used to please take a look. Now it passes test 1 and 2 from the rest of my API. By far the greatest obstacle in my work is my proficiency in the C programming language. I know it's an important one especially for OS but I really don't think McGill prepares anyone enough for these kinds of assignments. As anything goes in programming, it takes lots of practice and failure to understand exactly what's going on. Unfortunately I just did not have the time to fail (and thus learn) because I'm getting completely overworked in every class. I was up until 4am yesterday trying to figure this out while switching off between other work. I'd normally take the late penalty to try and figure this out tomorrow, but tomorrow's my birthday and I'd like to have one pleasant day this semester. Signing off.
